Home PageGlass Eye CreativeWe are a volunteer-run art center offering a variety of free creative classes and events in order to foster the creative community in Oklahoma.Glass Eye PhilosophyHere at Glass Eye, we believe that every person deserves access to freedom and creativity.  That’s why we offer free classes to the public, regardless of age, gender, race, social status, income, religion or any other reason.Location324 NW 10th St.Oklahoma City, OK 73101Featured InstructorsJohn SmithJohn has over ten years of industry experience and specializes in watercolors and oil pastels.Leslie YeppLeslie has studied in Paris, China, and Brazil, bringing a wide variety of cultural influences and styles to her classes.  She teaches everything from basic drawing to sculpture.Lisa FrankLisa comes to us as a visiting artist and instructor.  She specializes in brightly colored animal illustration.   Classes PageClasses Below you can find upcoming classes at Glass Eye.  Classes are listed 3 months in advance and are limited to 15 students per class.  We believe in smaller class sizes so that instructors have more one-on-one time to spend with students.  Space fills up quickly so snag your spot today!Course BoxInstructorLeslie YeppSkill LevelBeginnerLength6 WeeksFundamentals of painting with acrylics.  In this class students will follow along with the instructor as they compete a series of paintings to develop fundamental skills in the following areas: landscape, animal, portrait, abstract, and one in any subject of the student’s choice.ABOUT PAGEGlass Eye Creative is a community art center based in Oklahoma City.  We believe strongly in the benefits of creativity and for this reason every course will be free and open to the public, always.  Volunteers and donations are always welcome.Humble BeginningsGlass Eye started when the founder, Lisa Frank, noticed as a teacher that many high school students who participated in art class seemed less stressed out and more cheerful than those who didn’t.  She started offering art classes out of her apartment for the cost of supplies to students, and due to the response started offering classes to the public at a rented space downtown.She was overwhelmed by the amount of sign ups and noticed that there was a lack of local creative classes offered at a low cost, and wondered what kind of impact there could be on the community if there were classes available for free.  And thus, the idea for Glass Eye Creative was born.SIDEBARTitle: Glass Eye PhilosophyHere at Glass Eye, we believe that every person deserves access to freedom and creativity. That’s why we offer free classes to the public, regardless of age, gender, race, social status, income, religion or any other reason.